Getregion buffer support (#14131)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/builtin.txt

		- If the region is blockwise and it starts or ends in the
		  middle of a multi-cell character, it is not included but
		  its selected part is substituted with spaces.

> 		- If {pos1} or {pos2} is not same buffer, an empty list is
> 		  returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- If and {pos1} and {pos2} are not in the same buffer, an
		  empty list is returned.
```

> 		- If and {pos1} and {pos2} are not in the same buffer, an
> 		  empty list is returned.

Reviewer: Oops
```suggestion
		- If {pos1} and {pos2} are not in the same buffer, an empty
		  list is returned.
```

> 		- {pos1} and {pos2} must be exists in tabs.

Reviewer 2: `{pos1} and {pos2} must belong to a buffer that is loaded in a window in any tab`?

Author: Fixed.
